Add guidance about unknown fields (#169)
theupdateframework/specification: tuf-spec.md

# Document formats # {#document-formats}

All of the formats described below include the ability to add more

> attribute-value fields to dictionary objects for backwards-compatible format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key-value fields to dictionary objects for backwards-compatible format
```

Reviewer 2: The rest of the spec is fairly consistent in referring to them as attributes and attribute-value fields.

Reviewer 2: I think for this PR we should revert to attribute-value fields, to be consistent.

We might want to edit the entire spec to change the object related terminology. Filed as https://github.com/theupdateframework/specification/issues/175

> key-value fields to dictionary objects for backwards-compatible format
> changes.  Implementers who encounter undefined key-value pairs in the format
> must include the data when calculating hashes or verifying signatures and must
> preserve the data when re-serializing. If a backwards incompatible format change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
attribute-value fields to objects for backwards-compatible format changes.
Implementers who encounter undefined attribute-value pairs in the format
must include the data when calculating hashes or verifying signatures and must
preserve the data when re-serializing. If a backwards incompatible format change
```

The spec consistently uses attribute-value and object (rather than key-value and dictionary). Let's use the standard terms until https://github.com/theupdateframework/specification/issues/175 is addressed.

> preserve the data when re-serializing. If a backwards incompatible format change

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this last sentence means exactly, but we'll leave it for another PR, since you didn't write it. Maybe someone should make an issue to try to clarify it, though.

Reviewer 3: This looks like a sentence left from pre-semantic versioning. I opened #170.
